#MBTI Evaluator
The project was an attempt at a solution to part of a larger project that I am still considering pursuing in the future (I do not want to reveal too much as the larger project may be proprietary). With that being said, the purpose of this project was to create an effective Myers-Briggs test, that was substantially shorter than the common 100+ question tests. The project actually works quite well, at least so far as it is far from complete. For those unfamiliar with Myers-Briggs, it is a personality assessment system that divides people into 16 different personality types by analyzing people in four distinct categories, with two possibilities in each category, that together make up their composite type. The categories are represented by letters E/I, N/S, T/F, J/P, so for example, INTJ, ESFP, and ENFJ are all possible types. It is also important to note that a person's type is more than just the sum of their letters, e.g. an ISTP and ISTJ can have more differences than just the J/P, and an ENTP and ISTJ might be more similar than an ISTJ and ISFJ. If you are interested in more information, I highly recommend looking it up, as it is fairly interesting, but this explanation is sufficient to understand how the basis of this project. Most Myers-Briggs tests ask questions that each pertain to one of the four categories, and each answer would simply affect a score representing the test-taker's letter in that category, e.g. a question may be addressing the N/S category, and each of the answers would either indicate the test-taker is more of an N, or that they are more of an S. This system is quite restrictive, as each question and answer can only address one category, and the user can only select one answer per question. These factors make Myers-Briggs tests quite long. My goal was to create a system that gives the test-makers more freedom in asking more revealing questions, which would allow the overall test to be shorter. I did this with three big changes. First, making each answer have associated weights for each type rather than scores for the individual letters themselves, as that way each answer can affect more than just one category (because as previously mentioned, people's types can be more intricate than just the sum of their letters). Second, allowing the test designer to decide how many answers they accept for each question, so that each question is no longer restricted to having only one answer, and so that the order the answers are picked can be used in determining their personality type, e.g. if the user picks four answers to a question, the first answer would have more weight, in determining their type, than the fourth answer. And finally, the system picks questions intelligently, e.g. if by the fifth question the user has high scores for ENTP and ESFP, then the test would find a question where each answer helps distinguish between ENTP and ESFP.

The system largely works, although it needs a few refinements. Additionally, I created a mostly functioning GUI editor for the question database (which is saved in an xml document). Although, the question database is currently entirely randomly-generated for the purpose of testing.
